I can explain.
Elphosin.
This is not Ariana Flint.
Elphosin, I love you so much.
I just wanted you to-
Even if you wear my mate, you can't hurt Lucy.
Thank God he didn't hear that.
I didn't.
I know everything.
You set a trap for Lucy, and you lured her into Leo Mason's room.
I've given you so many chances, but this time, no more.
I'm rejecting you.
What?
You- you're gonna reject me?
For that slut?
Stop calling her that!
No, you can't.
You'll lose your wolf, Elphosin.
You know what happens when you reject your mate.
Grab her!
You regret this, Elphosin.
You really sacrifice your wolf without woman?
I will.
I won't let her hurt Lucy again.
By the will of the moon goddess, I reject you as my mate, Ariana.
We are no longer bound.
It's done.
Why don't I feel the pain?
Isn't rejecting the mate supposed to hurt?
Why is my wolf still here?
Isn't she my mate?